- [Instructor] So now that we've run through
all of the changes that occurred
with Spring 5 and 5.1, and Spring Boot 2.0,
you may be asking yourself what's next.
I encourage you to engage.
That's the first and foremost thing
that I hope you take out of this course.
Spend some time and play with all of these feature changes.
Read about 'em, look 'em up, try to manipulate 'em
and find ways where they can improve
your efficiency within your existing company.
I also encourage you to read about
why the changes were made.
To be an active member of the community,
you not only have to be able to utilize the tooling,
you have to know where they're going and what they're doing,
so that you can make good decisions as a software developer
about where to take your code.
I also always encourage you to try something new.
Software development, that's part of the fun of it,
is learning how to do things new,
trying new technologies, trying new constructs,
and doing things in a new way.
And with Spring 5 and Spring Boot 2,
we get that, we get the reactive model.
We get the new way of doing metrics.
There's lots of things that come with this
that we can try new,
that may be the next great thing for our company.
And lastly here, I highly encourage you,
highly, highly encourage you,
to get involved in the community.
And not just the Spring community,
but get involved in your local development community.
Start a Java user group, join a Java user group,
start a Spring user group, get involved
because you may find that being involved in the community
gives you a lot more value
than any job search sites you can find,
because people are going to know who you are.
Now, I also encourage you to start preparing now
for the next upgrade, we know it's coming.
That's the beauty of open-source software
is it's always moving.
So, start reading the Spring blogs
and look at where they're going.
Get engaged with the Spring committers
and the Spring leads on Twitter and find out their thoughts
on where they're taking the next thing.
If you need to know who to follow, go see who I'm following
because a lot of those people are engaged and pivotal.
Also make your voice heard.
If there are things you want to see in the platform, add it.
If there are things you want to see in boot or framework
or wherever it's at within the Spring umbrella,
add it to the JIRA, make your voice heard.
You have to remember that everything in Spring--
Spring Boot was based on a ticket.
Everything comes from the feedback of the community,
so be that next champion.
I also encourage you to connect with me.
You can follow me on Twitter or Stack Overflow,
or follow me on LinkedIn.
My commitment does not end when this course ends,
and these media allow me to connect with all of you.
If you have questions about how to solve things
in the actual course,
or how to do things, reach out to me on these platforms.
There's no way for me to know
that you need help if you don't ask,
and I'm always willing to help you
about things around my content
or high-level constructs within Spring,
or any software development.
Finally, I want to thank you
for spending your time with me throughout this course.
Your time is valuable, and I know that.
And it does mean a lot to me
when I hear feedback from people,
that they enjoyed my course,
or that they learned something new from me.
That really is what drives me
to continue to produce this content.
So thank you for taking the time,
and please provide me the feedback that I need
to make these courses even better for you.